Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're looking at positional arguments.
So when we call a function and Python plight must match each argument in the function call with a parameter
in the function definition.
So the simplest way to do this is based on the order of arguments provided.
So we saw at the last lecture values match this way are called positional arguments.
See how this works consider a function that displays information about the one and only book topic the
function tells us what type of book each one is and the author.
So let's have a look at how we might do this.
So as always we have some comments at the top.
Let's now put in another comment creating our function and as we know we started off with DPF.
I'm going to go.
Book Description.
Now we're going to put into practice here book type and also name.
There we go there are two parameters.
Don't forget your code next our triple double quotes which sounds like an oxymoron display.
Book information.
Let me close it off for quotes again.
Now what do we actually want this function to do.
Well for us we wanted to print and we want this to print on a new line.
This book is a plus book type plus postop.
OK so this book is or could be a science fiction it could be nonfiction it could be fiction it could
be romance whatever it is whatever argument we pass into the parameter.
That's what will be the next we want to print
the author
of this book is space plus name
title make it nice and clean.
Don't forget your brackets at the end of that title.
Plus full stop.
OK now we have to color function.
So we have our function is called Book Description.
And as we said we now need to match our arguments.
So our first parameter is book type.
So our argument must match that.
So what is a book type.
Well nonfiction is a book type.
The next parameter is Autor name.
So let's go.
Ashley Vance.
And in case you're wondering what book it is it's the everything store about an Amazon.
OK so there we go.
Let's run that and see what we get.
This book is nonfiction.
The author of this book is Ashley Vance and it's called lies and everything stereo that is very very
nice very clean and a very handy function there.
So what in functions and what inner programs we can call a function as many times as needed.
So let's go again and let's go book description again.
And let's say this is fiction.
Don't forget your arguments have to be surrounded in single quotes and the author of this is Dan Brown.
I'm sure most people are familiar with Dan Brown's work the Da Vinci Code and most recently inferno.
OK here we go.
Commanded Bay.
There we are two little paragraphs.
This book is nonfiction.
The author of this book is Ashley Vance.
This book is fiction.
The author of this book is Dan Brown as we can just see now.
We have a promotors open our definition of our function book type and author name and an inner function
call which is book description we put in our two arguments which must match our parameters.
So as you can see and it's good idea and not to forget.
Order matters in positional arguments.
If we were a first order they would appear in our program in the wrong order.
So always keep that in mind if you see any errors or any unexpected output.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.